[SWOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're with David Adair,
space technology
transfer consultant,
US Navy jet engine technician,
field research for the Office
of Naval Intelligence,
and so much more.
David, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks.
Glad to be here.
>> Well, David, there are people
out there that are suggesting
that the moon is not real.
What is the science behind this?
Is it a planet?
Is it a spacecraft?
Please.
It's so unknown to
the people right now.
Even the scientists now are
questioning themselves at NASA
and at the major universities.
>> Yeah, it's-- oh, man.
I don't even know where
to start on them, right?
Our moon is so different from--
there's no other moon in
the solar system like it.
From what we've seen with
the Hubble Telescope,
we never see a moon and a
planet situation like we have.
First of all, the moon
is, it's a strange thing.
As far as planetary things
go, it's an odd child.
It showed up here.
And then our Earth--
>> What do you
mean, it showed up?
How did it show up?
>> The cosmotologists and
the Native American Indians.
>> That's right.
>> They both got
something in common,
and that is the moon story.
The Indians have songs about
the moon when it showed up.
Cosmotologists will tell you--
yeah, they try to skip over
that part and downplay it.
But you know something
when they say,
well, you do know the moon,
when it first got here,
it's only 22,300 miles away.
And I'm going, wait a minute.
Which one of these
do we tackle first?
When it first got here?
And they said, that's different.
And they said, yeah,
with the lunar rocks that
came back from Apollo,
they're not really
lining up with the Earth.
There's a 500 million
year discrepancy in age.
>> So you're telling me it
wasn't a chunk of Earth, then?
>> Yeah.
So I went, well, the old
collision theory is not right
then.
And he goes, right.
And he said it's caught
in a tidal lock where
it doesn't rotate.
And as big as it is,
has no magnetic fields.
>> No poles, right?
>> No molten core.
And that's why there's
no atmospheres,
no Van Allen radiation
belts like with us.
And I thought, yeah, that's--
and when it first got
here, from day one,
it's been moving about an inch
and a third back each orbit.
And now it's 238,000 miles away.
>> But wouldn't it,
if it was a real moon,
wouldn't the momentum of that--
>> Oh, I could show
you on the blackboard.
The sheer mass forces
that are involved,
you're not going to stop a
body mass of that magnitude
22,300 miles out from
a planetary body that's
10 times its mass.
You've got a thing
called momentum.
It's got to be answered, and
it's just, like, stopped.
And the point it stopped was
interesting, 22,300 miles.
That's geostationary where
we put all our satellites.
So I said, well, what happened?
They all stopped right
there, jumped off
of this like a bunch of fleas,
jumped over on planet Earth
and started things
and kept moving away?
>> Now isn't the universe
expanding, though?
It should be going out, but--
>> It is.
>> What country put those
geological survey pyramids
on there?
>> That was us.
In the Apollo days, we
had six landing sites.
And we sent out various
instrument packages
on each of those sites.
Not all of them had the
exact same packages.
Some of them did.
But we put out four different
pyramids of mirrors.
And what they're designed
for, when a laser strikes it,
it'll return the laser beam
back to its point of origin.
So we have these laser
pyramids up there.
And astronomers fire their
lasers at it and it comes back.
And they measure the
distance that it's moving.
>> This is a daily thing?
>> It's a daily thing.
Every day they take readings.
>> Wow.
>> People will go, well,
you've never been to the moon.
Well, how did this pyramid
of mirrors get there, dude?
And then on top of that,
this is really cool,
we dropped four seismographs
of the six sites.
And we put them out
in a big square.
>> Was there a hum?
Was there an echo?
>> My question was, who
even started thinking this?
Who decided that on
the first landing,
Neil Armstrong would
set out a seismograph?
What made you do that?
Not a word.
Yeah, because you
guys know something.
Like, look at the
craters on the moon.
They're huge.
Tycho goes across
its entire face.
That's the size of the
continent of North America.
A blast that big.
And yet, it's so shallow.
It hardly even dented it.
And somebody asked
me about that.
I said, you know, pretty good
body armor on the car, I guess.
Or vehicle, whatever.
>> So where do you
think that density is?
I mean, it basically,
what, rang like a bell?
>> Yeah.
Well when they fired the
upper half of the lunar module
back to the moon, when
the astronauts crawled out
and went in the command
module to go home,
they fired that thing down.
And it crashed a few miles
away from the seismograph,
and the moon
resonated like a bell.
So they got-- on
other flights they
put more seismographs down.
And then they added
booster rockets
so they could drive it in
much faster, bigger, kaboom,
and more of a shockwave.
And on the last one, the
moon rang for three days.
>> What is the significance
that it's ringing?
>> Let me paint this
picture for you.
The moon is not little, y'all.
You can put the North American
continent on the face of it.
Times two, you've
got a backside.
That's a big area.
Then you've got all the moon
in between those two faces.
It's a sphere.
So there's a huge area.
Now, inside the moon.
We know that the moon is
about 3,600 miles in diameter.
That's pretty big.
Or just across the
face, it's 3,600 miles.
So inside, we believe
that the moon thickness
is over 500 miles.
Start doing the math.
That means there's a 2,000 mile
diameter void inside the moon.
That's what's resonating.
Well, what's in that void?
The people who drove it here.
Their homes.
>> They probably weren't too
happy with all that ringing
going on for three days.
>> No, I'm sure they--
well, that brings
me to my theory.
Why did we leave them
and never went back?
Doing research, do you know
how much pounds of junk
we left on the moon?
>> Oh my goodness.
>> 400,000 pounds of junk.
You know, discarded moon
buggies, and lunar landers,
and 96 bags of feces that--
>> Well, David, if you came to
my house and rang the doorbell
for three days straight,
and dumped all your crap
on my front yard--
>> On your roof.
>> --I'd be a little
perturbed about that.
>> You come in and dump
400,000 pounds of trash
on somebody's roof, and then
they hear you up there with
a flag saying, I'm
going to move here,
you're going to say something.
So Neil said, they
said there was
people in the rim of the
crater watching them.
Could be the very
people I'm referring to.
They drove over and said,
like our moon, do you?
Well, that's OK.
Gather up some rocks,
take you some dust,
and then get off this
moon and don't ever
come back here, bunch of pigs.
And we got ran
out for littering.
>> These craters on the
moon are extremely large.
You know, we were
taught in grade school
that the moon is completely
being bombarded by meteors.
But we all know
there's something more
to that 3,000 mile crater.
>> Yeah, well, like Tycho.
It runs across the entire face
of the face that faces us.
And that's 3,000 miles.
If something impact
with that kind of force,
look how deep the craters are.
One crater in Arizona,
that rock that came in
wasn't bigger than
a Volkswagen Beetle.
>> It was 30 miles wide.
>> Yeah.
It's a mile wide and
over 1,000 feet deep.
The crater's as big as
they are on the moon.
They're not very deep at all.
And it might be because
as you go into the moon,
as Neil learned,
that the top of it's
covered like a fine
powder, like a charcoal.
But when we drilled the
holes to put the flag up,
that drill went through
about an inch of dust,
and it hit something like metal.
And it was all that
drill bit could
do to drill a hole big enough
to stick the flag in it.
>> It reminds me of a
dish, a radio telescope.
>> Very much so.
>> And I've come across this and
studied it for quite some time.
What do you think.
Could it possibly be
some sort of antenna?
>> Wow.
Well, what an antenna
that would make.
Well, here's something, though.
Think about it.
You look at face
of the moon, it's
covered in thousands, tens
of thousands, of craters.
Have you ever seen
any meteor hit a moon
since we've been alive?
They have some small ones,
and we get photos of them.
But wherever that thing was,
it went through a storm.
Or it was right next to a planet
when it exploded, because it--
look at the impact on it.
>> And it survived.
>> So there's some serious
technology there protecting
that.
I mean, if this is an
artificial structure--
>> Oh, it's amazing.
>> How was it placed
there to begin with?
And like, what do you think
is inside this structure?
>> My question is what kind
of propulsion system they got?
You know, the most perfect
ship to fly through space
with is a sphere.
>> Asteroid.
>> Look at all of the planets.
They're all round.
They're not square.
They're not a Borg cube, right?
They're a round ball.
And look at our moon.
It is so perfectly round.
It's unusual for
a moon that size
to be that perfectly round.
If you doubt that, look at
Phobos and Deimos, Mars' two
moons.
They look like Idaho potatoes.
And ours, perfectly round.
Perfect.
When a full eclipse
happens, look at the ring
silhouetted by the sun.
That thing is perfectly sphere.
To be hit that hard
like Tycho crater?
>> It would have been--
>> That thing should have
looked like mashed potatoes.
But it doesn't.
So there's something going
on with the moon, y'all.
I'm telling you.
>> Why is it during this eclipse
that it's a perfectly round
sphere?
>> A sphere.
The odds of that
happening is really low.
Most moons are deformed, but
ours is just perfectly sphere.
And I could do something here
like, it drives me crazy,
Ancient Aliens.
Could it be?
Could it be possible?
I'm going have to do
that to get this out.
I think, on one
side of the moon,
you've got all these
craters, thousands of them.
On the dark side, It's
not nearly as damaged.
Just a third of the craters.
>> Why is that?
>> Because I think
where they were,
their solar system exploded.
A planet blew up next to them.
That's why the moon was
just covered on one side.
It was a blast.
One big rock really
hit Tycho crater.
And they decided, time to leave.
So they left.
Now, when they get to
Earth, they get it parked,
and they notice that
we're a water planet.
So we're going to
slosh back and forth.
So they get in a tidal lock,
which is what they want.
It won't rotate, so we
can't see the back side.
The back side is not
as damaged as the side
that faced an exploding planet.
So they're coming and going
out the back of that thing,
and we have no idea.
It's big enough where if it's
staying in a straight line,
it'd fly out far enough
where none of our radars
would ever detect
anything flying.
It's like you get a dark
place in your cell phone.
Well that's what it is.
You could fly straight out
from the back of the moon,
get out far enough
where we can't see you--
>> Can't see it.
>> --And then turn on your
big engines and leave.
>> Using the shadow
of the moon, right?
>> Yeah, you're behind the moon.
And I believe that's going on.
I'm not there with people who
say there's moon bases there,
and there's this big spaceship
that slid in for landing,
and a building made
out of swastikas.
I'm just not into that.
But I will give you this.
I've seen pictures of the
arch in the big tower.
And I haven't got a
clue what that is.
>> That's pretty tall.
How tall is that-- the towers?
>> The arch is, it's in miles.
It's like 10 times or 100 times
the size of the St. Louis Arch.
And it doesn't look like it's
made out of anything indigenous
to the moon.
So I can't tell you
what it is, but I
can tell you what it's not.
I don't think it's
part of the moon.
>> Even that pylon is
like, 10s of miles.
>> Oh, yeah, that
tower they've got.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Some of it looks like a cannon.
I don't know what
those things are.
But they deserve a serious look.
You shouldn't be flying
42 million miles one way
to Mars, half a
billion dollar-- no,
half a trillion dollar budget
to get to Mars and back.
The moon is only
238,000 miles away.
Oh, we've been to the moon.
We've seen everything.
How stupid a statement.
Let me tell you what
you've explored.
You take the six
lunar landing sites,
add up the mileage of the lunar
rovers and what they went over,
square miles, and
put them together.
And you know what
you've covered?
An area the size of the
Mall of America in Minnesota
with its parking lot.
Now put that on the
continent of North America,
and that's what you've explored.
Oh, and don't forget
the other side.
You haven't even looked at 1%
of the surface of the moon.
You don't know squat
what's on the other 99%.
And that's where these pat-- you
know, tower, the arch, and all
that stuff.
>> They should've went there.
>> Well, one thing that NASA
does not want anybody to do is
to land where that arch
is, where that tower--
and guess where I'd go?
That's the first place I'd go.
We'd land there with drones
where we can actually
crawl up on it and feel it.
We need to know what that is.
It's too good just to run--
blow all that money
to go to Mars?
You don't know what's
laying on the moon.
And if that's not good, there's
an energy source laying there
which China's hot after.
And if they get control
of it, man, we're
all going-- you think we've
been buying stuff at Walmart?
You're not going to believe
when they get Helium-3 back here
and crank it up.
They'll own the planet.
>> That's the energy source.
What is Helium-3,
for the audience?
>> OK, Helium-3, this is
a deformity isotope made
by the heat of the sun.
At about 50 million
degrees centigrade,
that thing gets a third
orbit called Helium-3.
It's slung through the
entire solar system
courtesy of the solar
wind, which moves almost
at the speed of light.
Well, here comes
Helium-3 coming to Earth.
And it runs into our Van
Allen radiation belts.
Then there's seven
layers of atmosphere
it's got to deal with,
gravity, and all that.
And Helium-3 doesn't really make
it to the surface of the Earth.
Just a tiny trace amount.
And what little trace
amounts there is have already
been confiscated,
sucked out by no other
than the Pentagon
nuclear defense system.
Now why would they want that?
You'll see that in a minute.
So somebody said, well,
what's up on the moon?
The University of Wisconsin
grabbed an armful load
of moon rocks.
We brought back about 1,200
pounds of them, scattered them
all across the universities
and did various research.
And for some reason, the
University of Wisconsin
said, let's look for
Helium-3 in the moon rocks.
So they heated the rocks up.
Out came this gas.
They cooled the gas
down into a liquid,
and they got liquefied
Helium-3, which--
>> Explain to the audience how
valuable that, ounce per ounce,
is on an energetic--
like, for energy.
>> Well, if you would
make power rods out of it,
feed it into
conventional reactors,
which is we're talking
about your Tokamak reactors,
your power rods,
your fusion, fission.
Not the one I've
been working with,
with electromagnetic
fusion containment.
That's an orange.
You're over here with
a couple of apples.
But you feed that Helium-3
into these apples, buddy,
you're going to
have a super apple.
Because what will
happen, that Helium-3
will get into that
chamber and burn.
And it'll take the
efficiency level,
which reactors at best,
the very best, you've
got total efficient, like, 61%.
This thing will drive
it into the high 90s.
And then when you
shut the reactor off,
walk in with shirt sleeves
and a Geiger counter,
and the Geiger says nothing.
>> Nothing.
>> No radiation.
>> That's how safe it is.
>> Clean, thermal
fusion and power.
That little glass test
tube of liquid Helium-3?
That's enough to run every
nuclear reactor on this planet
for about 10 years.
>> All clean energy.
And you'd be looking at a street
value of about $2 trillion.
>> I have heard through
the grapevine that China is
on the other side of
the moon right now.
I believe, in my own opinion,
they are harvesting Helium-3.
>> Let me tell you something
about this whole story.
I'm up to my eyeballs in this
thing, more than I want to be.
First of all, let me tell
you how smart China is.
When we were working with
upper stage cryogenic staging
rockets, it took us 45
years to get it figured out.
The Soviet Union never did.
They don't stage if they go up.
One big booster.
China, in nine months,
figured it out by themselves.
Took us 45 years.
Nine months.
That's how smart they are.
Now, with that in
mind, you've got
somebody that smart, where are
they in their space program?
They're gone.
Past tense.
They've already left.
They've landed on
the-- soft landed
on the back side of the moon.
And then, well, what are
they doing back here?
This is where I get embarrassed.
I went to China one year,
talked to a bunch of people.
And they were very
interested in Helium-3.
In America, nobody
even heard of it.
And they were really
interested in,
wonder why, I developed
a mining process.
So I drew it all out
on the blackboard.
Everything.
>> Oh, no.
>> And what it is, you've
got to-- you soft impact land
a device on the moon about
the size of an earth mover.
You've seen that,
little kid playing,
running around, scooping up
dirt, changing the landscape.
Well, you get one
of them on the moon.
It's running around.
It's picking up
all the loose soil.
And there's so much Helium-3
up there from the testing
of the moon rocks--
the University of
Wisconsin, we know this--
that earth mover,
in about an hour,
is going to suck up
all that it needs.
And it's going to throw
it into the hopper.
It's going to turn the solar
power panels to the sun.
Pure sunlight out
there, no atmosphere.
This thing will transfer
that into electrical power
to transduce.
It's going to get so
friggin' hot in there
you're not going to believe it.
Gas is going to come
rolling out these rocks.
They're going to capture it,
pipe it over to the side,
the shadow side of
the Earth conveyor.
On the sunlight side, it's
250 degrees above zero.
>> To keep it cool.
I got you.
>> 250 degrees above
Fahrenheit in the sun.
On the shadow side, 200
below zero Fahrenheit.
So you pump the gas
over there, and it
turns into an instant liquid.
Then you shoot the
liquid into a container
like a cylinder in a gun.
Fire that cylinder
up to a mother ship,
load it in, do a slingshot
effect, come off the moon.
Three days later, you're home.
This canister comes in,
parachutes come out.
It lands on the land
because it can take a bump,
it's not humans on board.
So it bumps.
You pick it up, and you've got
2,000 pounds of pure Helium-3.
And you will rule the world.
>> Brilliant.
>> And that's what
they're doing.
And I built this design,
tried to give it to NASA,
nobody wanted it.
So now they're going
to get the Helium-3,
and they're going
to bring it back.
>> What do you think the
moon's main function is?
Why is it so special, that area?
>> It has a function for Earth.
High tides, low tides.
If the moon should
just leave, the people
there are just tired of us,
want a different neighborhood
and decide leave--
>> We'll have a
big stagnant pond?
>> Yeah, well, when they
fire that thing up and leave,
I would not want to have
property on the ocean coast,
because it's going
to be underwater.
There's nothing to
control the tides.
And quite an effect.
That will affect everything.
The river that you have
inside the Gulf stream,
all that will be disrupted.
Polar caps, they'd be disrupted.
The moon would hurt us
badly if it would leave.
Could be one of the things
they threatened us with.
Said, you know, if people come
back here, we'll just leave.
We ain't gonna blow you up.
Just leaving is going
to mess you up--
bad.
>> Taking our heart.
>> Well, control
of the tide's gone.
Desalination of the
oceans would occur.
I can go down the list.
It's one catastrophe
after another.
Maybe our people
know about that.
They just want to avoid
the moon altogether.
>> What else is unique about
the moon that you could share?
>> Well, my god, you ever
wonder why the moon is so shiny?
I mean on a full night, full
moon, you can read a newspaper.
>> There's a lot of
mirrors up there.
>> It's more than that.
What we learned from the
moon rocks, the moon dust?
It's diamonds.
>> Crystalline structure.
>> Crystalline structures
over the entire moon.
We don't even know what
that stuff would be like.
But there's more.
I know something
y'all don't know.
This is directly
related the story.
I'm going to go on a tangent
but it all makes sense.
This is one of my life stories.
I was called over to
Rockwell International,
I get along really well with.
And they gave me all
their plans and stuff.
Anyhow, I was over there
with Al Ogram at that time.
He was the head of PR.
And Al and I were
moving a film vault.
And this forklift
comes in with a Hyster.
It's about 10 times
the size of a forklift.
Picked this vault up and pulled.
I heard something fall down
in the back, and it's rolling.
And I said, Al, there's
something on the vault here.
It's rolling.
It's coming my way.
Clearly hear metal on metal.
It's a rollin'.
And out rolled this 16
millimeter film can.
And I picked it up.
And it had about a million
dust bunnies on it.
It had fallen between
the vault and the wall.
>> Oh my.
>> Nobody knew it was there.
So I wiped it off, threw
it in my briefcase,
and went back to getting
this vault moved.
Well, I went home.
And then I went home, home.
I flew all the way
back to North Carolina.
And I opened the
briefcase, and I
forgot about that
part of the briefcase.
And that film canister
is laying there.
>> Oh no.
>> And I'm going, dang, I
forgot to give that back.
Oh, well.
I had a 16 millimeter projector.
I put the film in.
I'm sitting here watching
it and went, oh, it's
one of these school films made
for high schools to watch.
And I thought, well, I'm
about to turn this off.
And then von Braun came on.
>> No way.
>> Wernher von Braun.
And he said, let me introduce
you to a guy named Chris Kraft.
He is the head director of
Johnson Spacecraft Center.
And Chris is there,
and I went, oh my god.
The biocenter.
We've only heard of it.
No one's ever seen it.
Well, what's so important
about the biocenter?
It's the center where
they take the moon rocks.
And they started
doing stuff with them,
which my question was, why are
you doing that with moon rocks?
What they all led you that--
those are the real
questions you should ask.
But he said welcome to
the corn growing chamber.
And I went, oh my god,
I've heard of this
but I've never seen it.
And you walk in this giant,
glass walled-off area.
And there's all these guys
over there with their arms
in these big rubber gloves.
And they've got little cups of
dirt, putting kernels of corn,
spraying them,
setting them down.
And he said they've
all been sprayed
with a layer of moon dust.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> And we found, when we started
sprinkling some lunar dust
on a corn seed, or on a
piece of tobacco plant,
or some other low
form of plant life,
that this thing
changed its character.
That it grew so
rapidly and did things
that nobody had ever
seen before in terms
of any kind of chemical that
you could place on this plant.
And we don't
understand that yet.
It looks like something
from another world.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> So I look at
this thing and I go,
this is the only copy in
existence of the Biolab,
with the corn, the
moon dust and the corn.
>> Truly amazing.
>> You ever heard of this?
I've watched it for years,
over and over again.
So I guess what?
I call up the South Dakota
Corn Growers Association.
And I told them,
boys, you ain't going
to believe what I've got here.
I got a film.
And I told them about it.
They said, won't you come
to our annual meeting?
And I do.
And there's a gymnasium sized
amount of people in there.
About 100 farmers with
tripods are recording it
as it comes off.
Now we've got 100 copies of
film going God knows where.
And I thanked the Corn
Growers Association.
They said, no,
man, we thank you.
I can't believe
what I'm looking at.
And I said, you guys like
to have a shot at that?
And he says, why would you?
That's the end of famine.
Basic corn.
I wonder what it
would do on rice.
I wonder what it would
do on other things.
Who thought that up?
What caused that to
happen to bring that in?
That means they're doing all
kinds of biomedical research
things with moon dust that we
know absolutely nothing about.
We've never seen it.
And I got hard evidence film.
>> If it works on plants, it
will definitely work on us.
>> Somebody concluded you can do
a multi-level growing organism
and manipulate it
with the moon dust.
>> We grow organs in the
projects very quickly.
We can grow beings.
And the secret behind it
was the different types
of crystals that were ground
up and the different types
of minerals that they
would mix together
to accelerate the DNA in the
condrones to multiply faster
and to be stronger.
So maybe it could
have an effect like.
>> It had to be similar to that.
It's definitely got to
be in the mitochondria
into the multiplication
of the cells.
Obviously, something's
happening in there.
My question is, what
if a compound like that
is mixed with antibiotics?
>> Or in an IV?
>> Or open surgery?
Imagine how fast the
tissue would heal.
No scars.
>> Thank you for being
on the show, David.
>> Thank you.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.